804, Unique Morse Code Words
count the unique morse composition of all the given words.
len(), len() and use ord()-ord('a') to get the index for the morse table
1. add transformed word to set() and find the length of set
2. use {} and join to concatenate the char in word (there are no two or more same key in dict)
3. 

1, Two Sum
find the two indexes for which the sum of the two values are equal to the target
first check out if the pair is in the list, then check if the target is twice of the first value, 
if correct find out if there is another same value in the list, return.
else delete the first from the list, and continue until we find the pair and return.
Upgraded:
Don't use delete, otherwise requires a lot calculation about the index later. use enumurate to find the overall index.
Upgraded:
enumerate the list, calculate the difference between the target and the value, if not exist, put the index of value in another
dict, until find, return both of the index from dict. 

977, Squares of a Sorted Array
return the square of the list value in a decreasing sequence.
bubble will run out of time...
Solution:
sorted(x*x for x in A)...
sort() 函数用于对原列表进行排序，如果指定参数，则使用比较函数指定的比较函数。
list.sort(cmp=None, key=None, reverse=False)
Difference between sort and sorted:
sort 是应用在 list 上的方法，sorted 可以对所有可迭代的对象进行排序操作。
list 的 sort 方法返回的是对已经存在的列表进行操作，无返回值，而内建函数 sorted 方法返回的是一个新的 list，而不是在原来的基础上进行的操作。

728. Self Dividing Numbers
find all the numbers between left and right that can self-dividing each digit in it. 
just do judge and append to the return list. 
But, when it comes to situation like jump out two loops, it better to set a outside flag or function to judge whether it should
jump out of the big loop.

617. Merge Two Binary Trees
merge two binary trees, sum when two nodes are existed.
If the nodes are both provided, use the self mergeTree to create new node. If only one is given, use that as node.

461. Hamming Distance
Directly do ^ between two inputs, and find the 1 in the returned str

852. Peak Index in a Mountain Array
find the index of the maximum in list.

561. Array Partition I
No trick, 'sorted' and calculate the sum of metric with odd index
[::2] with 2 steps

942. DI String Match
Given a string contains only "ID", return a list with 0->N(N+1 in total), if there is a "I" in the given string, then the 
same index, the later one should be greater than this one, D otherwise. 
One solution:
First counter I, put the smallest one to it, and next time put a bigger one. For D, first put the largest one and then smaller. 

944. Delete Columns to Make Sorted
Test all the column if it is in increasing order, return true and the counter add 1, finnaly return the len(A[0])-counter

933. Number of Recent Calls
